The configuration options have default values that should be suitable for most data, however they can be 
fine-tuned for increased accuracy or speed, or to suit your specific use case.
For example, if you have relatively few data points (e.g. only a few hundred) it may be necessary to adjust
some of these parameters.

What to the different configuration options mean?

Output:
1. 'Decimal places' - this determines the number of decimal places that the results data will be shown to.
2. 'Stress at strain' - This option allows you to find the stress on the curve at a certain strain, offset by a
line with gradient equal to the elastic modulus. Enter a strain value (in %) within the range of your data.
Note: currently, if this offset line crosses the curve more tha once then it will only display one intersection
point.

Elastic Modulus:
1. 'Initial error region size (%)' - This value denotes the strain at which the elastic modulus will start to 
be calculated, allowing the very beginning of the stress-strain curve to be ignored as this region may present
inaccuracies.
2. 'Calculation step' - When finding the elastic modulus the program starts at the end of 'Initial error region
size' strain value and continues along stress-strain curve in increments of 'Calculation step'. This value must
be an integer. Increase this value for faster, but less accurate elastic modulus determination.
3. 'Critical r_squared value' - The program continues selecting points along stress-strain curve until the 
r_squared value of the selected data points drops below this critical value. Therefore this value must be 
between 0 and 1, with lower values, generally, decreasing accuracy of elastic modulus. Too high a value will
also decrease accuracy, as it ignores v. small deviations of data points from straight line in inital straight
line region, resulting in a small range of data values being selected for the calculation.
4. 'Steps to wait after initial hit' - When selecting data points along straight line region, when the r_squared
value intially rises above the critical r_squared value, it is very possible that it may dip below this critical
value soon after. This value denotes the number of additional data points that must be selected before dropping
below the critical r_squared value would signify the end of the straight line. Must be an integer.
5. 'Backtrack value' - When r_squared drops below critical value, this value of selected data points will be
removed from the end of the selection before the gradient of the best fit line for these data points is 
calculated, as it is likely that the data has begun to curve slightly before the program detects it, so this
improves accuracy. Must be an integer.

(Yield) Stress Determination:
1. 'Stress accuracy' - Determines how many divisions there are on offset line that intersects stress-strain 
curve. Number of division per MPa = 1/[this value] E.g. When [this value] = 10, division are 0.0, 0.1, 0.2, 0.3,
0.4, etc. MPa. Higher value results in greater accuracy, but slower program.
2. 'Intersection line step size' - Step between values on intersection offset line. E.g. [this value] = 1: 0.0,
0.1,0.2,etc. MPa; [this value] = 5: 0.0, 0.5, 1.0, etc. MPa. Allows for further fine-tuning of accuracy, but 
can usually just be left at 1.
3. 'Low elastic modulus cut-off value (MPa)' - Calculating the (yield) stress at a certain strain is faster when
the calculated elastic modulus is above this value, as it narrows down the range of data points that the stress
could possibly be at based on the stress value at specified strain without offset. However, low elastic moduli
can prevent this method from being valid.
4. 'High elastic modulus strain field range (%)' - When calculated elastic modulus is above the cut-off value,
this value denotes the range of strain values (and corresponding stress values) that are considered when looking
for intersection of offset line with stress-strain curve. Strain range = specified strain value +/- [this value].

Plateau Region:
(valid for compression tests only)
1. 'Analysis segment length' - The algorithm for finding the peaks and dips in the plateau region relies on 
detecting changes in gradient over the selected range of data values. This value determines the number of data 
points that are selected at once when calculating the gradient of the best fit line through thes data points. A
lower value allows the program to detect smaller dips and peaks, however you may not want these to be picked up
and so can increase this value until the number of peaks detected matches what you expect via visual inspection
of the stress-strain curve.
2. 'Plateau region defining factor' - Plateau region in this program starts at yield stress and ends when 
stress value of data points increases above [this value] * yield stress. This value will need to be adjusted if
data points end only slightly above plateau region.

Note: 'stressStrainAnalyse v0.x.py' must remain in same folder as 'stressStrainAnalyseMain.ui' for program
to work.